how's it going film lovers i'm your host
patrick and today
we are covering a 2020 south korean
anthology horror series
based on urban legends let's dive in
shall we
the series starts with episode one the
episode starts with a girl
she's an excellent student but not doing
well during her economic history class
while sitting in the classroom she's
deeply preoccupied with her thoughts
while the teacher's briefing she then
sees a flower on her front desk
suddenly she comes out of her thoughts
raises her hand
and shows the sanitary pad to the
teacher she then asks permission for the
toilet
teacher then permits her to go and she
leaves the class for the washroom
as she heads towards the washroom two
photographs are seen on the college
notice board they both are the top
academic performers
named kim jiye and park so he the first
photograph
appears to be suspicious and then all of
a sudden
the eyeball of the girl in the photo
moves towards her
when she passes by the girl in the photo
smiles
strangely as she walks through the
corridor she notices the lights are
flickering above her
for a while she stops and sees above her
then
she continues to walk towards the toilet
inside the toilet
she hears the sound of a knot she looks
around to see
but nothing's there she then nervously
starts nail-biting
and then gets inside the toilet cabin
she takes out a cigarette and is about
to light it up
when suddenly she hears strange noises
when she looks
there's no one there she again tries to
light up the cigarette
but this time the doors open without her
being able to see anyone
later on the door of the cabin starts
knocking
she gets scared and sits on the toilet
seat on her feet
then the knocking stops and there's a
deep silence everywhere
she plucks up the courage and sits down
on the floor to see inside the cabin
next to her
when she looks under the wall at the
next toilet there's suddenly hair there
suddenly the ghost of ga top of the
class
opens the door to her cabin and kills
her at the beginning of the episode
it could be seen that both students
received an honorary certificate
gi is the best in class and so he has
the second best
episode too a taxi driver is out at
night and he listens to the news of a
murder
he drives the side of the road to get
some sleep and he then sleeps inside the
car
suddenly around 3 30 am a woman gets
into the car
and sits in the back seat she tells him
to go to a hotel
in ilsan the navigation system cannot
find this
the woman however knows the way and asks
him to move
so the driver drives off at some point
the woman says
he should turn right now however there's
no road to turn right
he ignores her weird instructions and
keeps driving the cab
the woman keeps repeating to turn right
when the driver gets upset about the
crazy guest
the woman suddenly stands on the street
in front of the car and he hits the
brakes
then navigation indicates to him that he
is at his destination
he gets frightened to find the girl
outside in front of the car
it turns out that the woman has no eyes
the man turns around
frightened and cannot see the woman then
she shows up
and pulls his eyes out and kills him
finally
the taxi starts again episode 3 sairam
is a broadcast jockey
and she starts live from her apartment
to make viewers send money to her
she has just moved in and she's
celebrating with her audience
suddenly a teddy bear falls from a shelf
behind her
viewers comment that she planned it and
had a trick
but sairam says she doesn't know why he
suddenly fell off
suddenly a book moves on the shelf
sairam is now frightened
the audience advises her to leave the
house she also realizes that
and ends the stream however she does not
notice that the stream
is still continuing but the chat breaks
off then
it's revealed that sairam played this
scary prank
for public attention while she thought
that she had finished it well
according to plan after that she talks
to her friend
and tells him how the audience bought
everything from her she
asks how scary her prank was syrum
fool's
viewers but she's unaware that the
viewers are still watching her live
she rehearsed the prank for a long time
then she just wants to make preview
images for the video but suddenly the
photo filter not only marks her face
but also other faces in the room
suddenly her head turns
a ghost who looks just like sairam takes
her head and hits it several times on
the table
she dies and the spirit takes her place
repeating the words of greeting
sairam said at the beginning episode 4
in the beginning scene of episode 4
two friends are shown at school they
were watching a scary video of that time
considering that video a lie they go
inside the school
though the school timing is over in fact
they had forgotten some of their books
inside the school
so they entered a school to bring those
books but one of the friends says
that her foot was sprained so that girl
sits on the stairs and she asks her
friend
to bring her books too when the girl
reaches and opens her friend's closet
she witnesses a scary doll there this
was actually kept to horrify this girl
by her friend
she didn't have any foot problems she
had just dramatized the situation to
terrify her friend
here it's revealed that the doll is not
ordinary
but it is a haunted doll this doll had
been possessed by a demon
but the girl was unaware that it was
actually a haunted doll
then the girl ignores it and she returns
back after taking
the book shortly afterward a demon of a
girl comes out from that doll
and this demon chases that girl while
walking horrifically
the girl comes to the ground floor from
the top one but she repeatedly
approached the same building floor
it was looking as if she was coming on
the same floor while descending from the
stairs
she runs endlessly down the same steps
without making any progress
and eventually that horrific demon kills
the girl
the girl who had kept that doll came
upstairs to check her friend
then the demon girl is again seen on the
stairs she now chases this girl
to kill her episode 5 episode 5
starts while showing a few friends in
the class talking about suicide
in the class chat a student jin yang was
bullied so much
that she committed suicide the teacher
comes and tells the students
not to feel guilty or to answer the
police questions
then she leaves after praying for the
dead girl but here sue
seems depressed and sits there in her
last message
she advised jin young to simply die then
her dead friend
also possesses her in the evening the
teacher receives a message from gsu
that she wants to talk about jin young
in the classroom
the teacher comes and there she says
again that he sue
should not feel guilty about jin young
but then
she notices blood it turns out that jin
young's ghost
has taken jesus legs but these don't fit
her
that's why she wants a teacher's legs
finally this girl kills her teacher
and possesses the lower part of her body
that girl leaves after adjusting the
lower limbs
of the teacher with her body episode 6
starts with a boy in the elevator and is
killed suspiciously
in the next scene we see that the police
investigate the matter
and j pill finds that the dead boy
posted online
about interdimensional travel by an
elevator in the next scene
jay pill comes to the elevator to check
about interdimensional travel
he takes the elevator follows the
instructions and lands on the fourth
floor
only to see his own self in front of him
a door closes
and then opens on the tenth floor then
closes again
when it opens again he finds a girl in
the elevator
telling him to press the first floor
then the door closes
and the girl scares him and beats him to
death in the next scene
the police officer's dead body was also
mutilated when it was found
but the most shocking thing is seen here
this police officer
is seen outside the elevator standing
with his fellow
it means that it was a ghost of the
police officer who himself was
investigating his case
episode 7 her family comes on the scene
at the start of episode
7. there are three family members
including the husband
wife and their son the man's wife is
going to meet her mother with her son
but before leaving she tells her husband
that a few deaths have occurred in the
neighborhood because they had not set
the talisman
outside their house she asks her husband
not to take the talisman paper off the
bedroom wall
as it will bring bad luck her husband
promises that he will never remove that
talisman
in the next scene he returned from the
office removes the talisman
as he wants to see the truth about it
and sleeps instantly
then we see that blood starts dripping
under the door soon after that
a demonic hand passes from there it's
transformed into a mysterious creature
that kills him brutally
in the next scene the floor is shown all
flooded with blood
and he was lying dead on the same door
now
let's move to episode 8 a lady appears
at the start of the episode
that lady was dexterous in witchcraft
she has the ability to talk with spirits
or evil demons
this lady had abducted a kid and she
used to serve him food after many days
so he may remain alive actually that
lady intends to perform a ritual on this
kid
and she will sacrifice that kid at the
time of his death
then she gets a clue about when the kid
will die then
this lady decides that she will end that
kid before the day of his death
that lady does the same she kills that
kid by stabbing him with a knife
a day before his death the demon of the
kid possesses the lady
making her more powerful then that lady
resolves other people's problems for a
few days
through the kid's demon and she gets
good earnings from it
after a few days a woman visits this
lady
who tells her that her son had been lost
for many days
and she could not find him so she
pleased to get her child back
meanwhile seeing that woman a demon in
that lady
becomes uncomfortable because that woman
was the mother of that kid who had
already been killed by the shaman
so he begins to feel pain and become
uncomfortable
seeing his mother knowing this the
shaman asks the woman to leave
and the woman decides to leave after the
woman's departure
the demon of the kid tears up and it
comes out and the kid was now human
again
but before the kid could reach his
mother she had already committed suicide
after losing hope to find her son so the
kid will always remain in the house of
that lady
and with that episode 8 ended and so did
the series
along with it